
franknerd:Pakistan

all the work was exactly as requested, this team even went out of the way to fix issues, recommended!


pragyagupta627: India
Seller was great to work with. Seller understood the requirements very well and went above and beyond to accommodate all requests. I would highly encourage my contacts to work with seller for website development related needs. Seller has a good and knowledgeable team of developers.

whiterose932: India
They helped us with full cooperation. True professionals. Also worked extra for my special request.

tedwards1021:United States
Sarit393 was very easy to work with and he had lots of patience with me as I don’t know a lot about websites. Great communication and he delivered exactly what I requested. Will definitely use again for future projects!

elzattursun:United States
Absolutely the best team I can ask for! I needed a complex website for my E-commerce company but didn't have enough money for developers - and other freelancers were too expensive. These guys made the impossible possible in less than 10 days - incredible speed and dedication. They updated me every day on the progress and asked for my opinion - and fixed ANY adjustments in a matter of minutes. They are a group of AMAZING and talented people working their hardest - I am simply impressed!

Absolutely amazing people! Worked extremely hard and delivered my product in less than 10 days! Other Freelancers tripled their price and half their efficiency. Just a group of amazing and talented developers!

markgabriel: Seychelles

it was a great experience working with Sarit393. He delivered above and beyond and before the expected time of delivery. He communicated very well, communication line was always open. I used screenshots as an additional tool for illustrations and communication, I will surely come back for more and will strongly recommend him to anyone.

yanivbl: Israel
Fantastic Seller! A+++ Did a great job, was a pleasure to communicate with and delivered on time. Reliable and professional.

ralleee1: Sweden
Great guy! Fast and efficient. Will def order again when needed.

kurassier:Chile
Excellent professional, a pleasure working with him


